c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.deps.json
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.dll
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Privacy.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.pdb
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.Views.dll
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.Views.pdb
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.Views.pdb
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.dll
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.pdb
c:\users\smitt\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CustomerProject\CustomerProject\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\CustomerProject.csproj.CopyComplete
